=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 The Mac::Path::Util module

**This is an abandoned module. There is no support. Adopt it on CPAN if you
want to fix it.**

This is the I<README> for the L<Mac::Path::Util> Perl module. You're probably
looking at this because you don't know where else to find what you're
looking for. Read this once and you might never have to read one again
for any Perl module.

=head2 Documentation

To read about L<Mac::Path::Util>, look at the embedded documentation
in the module itself. Inside the distribution, you can format it
with L<perldoc|http://perldoc.perl.org/perldoc.html>:

	% perldoc lib/Mac/Path/Util.pm

If you have already installed the module, you can specify the module
name instead of the file location:

	% perldoc Mac::Path::Util

You can read the documentation and inspect the meta data on
L<MetaCPAN|http://www.metacpan.org/module/Mac::Path::Util>.

The standard module documentation has example uses in the SYNOPSIS
section, but you can also look in the I<examples/> directory (if it's
there), or look at the test files in I<t/>.

=head2 Installation

You can install this module with a CPAN client, which will resolve
and install the dependencies:

	% cpan Mac::Path::Util
	% cpanm Mac::Path::Util

You can also install directly from the distribution directory, which
will also install the dependencies:

	% cpan .
	% cpanm .

You could install just this module manually:

	% perl Makefile.PL
	% make
	% make test
	% make install

You probably don't want to do that unless you're fiddling with the
module and only want to run the tests without installing anything.

=head2 Source location

This is an abandoned module but you can still find it on GitHub.

The meta data, such as the source repository and bug tracker, is in
I<Makefile.PL> or the I<META.*> files it creates. You can find that on
those CPAN web interfaces, but you can also look at files directly in
the source repository:

=over 4

=item *	L<https://github.com/CPAN-Adoptable-Modules/Mac-Path-Util>

=back

=head2 Getting help

I've abandoned this module. Mac Classic is a distant memory. I don't
provide any support for this module.

=head2 Copyright and License

You should have received a I<LICENSE> file, but the license is also noted
in the module files. About the only thing you can't do is pretend that
you wrote code that you didn't.

=head2 Good luck!

Enjoy,

brian d foy, bdfoy@cpan.org

=cut
